core/api: Add grpc-gateway api (#4379)
hashicorp/waypoint: .changelog/4379.txt

```release-note:improvement

> api: Enable HTTP API to talk to Waypoint

Reviewer: We should make this more descriptive, something like

```suggestion
server: Enable gRPC-Gateway on the http port of Waypoint server to add in an HTTP API for interfacing
```
